Review (#19)
herflis/concepts-temp: content/review/sharing.md

### Public

Anybody with the link will be able to access the content, without even signing in.

<note>
The advantage of <b>private</b> and <b>authenticated</b> sharing (over <b>public</b> sharing) is that it lets users not just access the content through the sharing link: they can also query for content shared with them. This lets them access shared folders and documents by browsing, not just visiting them directly.
</note>

It is perfectly fine if you want to have multiple sharing links, let them be **private** or **public**. This lets you manage accesses more easily by removing sharing access for some users and keep it for others.

# Removing sharing access

By deleting sharing entries using the Sharing API, the previously sent sharing links will no longer work and the users will not have access to the previously shared content.

# Notifications

When you share something with an email address or a known user, the system send a notification email. It will contain a sharing link that the user will be able to follow to access the content. About forwarding this email to others please see the *Sharing modes* section above.

<note>

> By default the notification feature for sharing is switchen on, but is possible to switch it off globally or for a subtree or per sharing API calls (see <a href="/api-docs/sharing/#Notifications">here</a>) and customize notification emails as well. See the <i>Configuration</i> section below for details.

Reviewer: please explain this sentence, especially this part: "or per sharing API calls and customize notification emails as well"

> By default the notification feature for sharing is switchen on, but is possible to switch it off globally or for a subtree or per sharing API calls (see <a href="/api-docs/sharing/#Notifications">here</a>) and customize notification emails as well. See the <i>Configuration</i> section below for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the notification feature for sharing is switched on, but is possible to switch it off globally or for a subtree or per sharing API calls (see <a href="/api-docs/sharing/#Notifications">here</a>) and customize notification emails as well. See the <i>Configuration</i> section below for details.
```

> By default the notification feature for sharing is switchen on, but is possible to switch it off globally or for a subtree or per sharing API calls (see <a href="/api-docs/sharing/#Notifications">here</a>) and customize notification emails as well. See the <i>Configuration</i> section below for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the notification feature for sharing is switched on, but is possible to switch it off globally or for a subtree or per sharing API calls (see <a href="/api-docs/sharing/#Notifications">here</a>). Notification emails can also be customized at these levels. See the <i>Configuration</i> section below for details.
```

</note>

# Configuration

You can switch ON or OFF notifications or customize the notification emails using the Sharing settings which can be found at `/Root/System/Settings/Sharing.settings` or in the `Setup` menu on the admin-ui.

Having different mail subjects and bodies per subtree is possible, because the keys themselves (see below) are coming from settings.

```json
{
   "NotificationEnabled": false,
   "NotificationSender": "info@example.com",
   "NotificationMailSubjectKey": "NotificationMailSubject",
   "NotificationMailBodyKey": "NotificationMailBody"
}
```

# Sharing FAQ

What happens when something that is related to a shared content or a user changes?

### What happens when a user is deleted?

All sharing information and permissions related to them will be removed.

### What happens when new user is created or an existing user gets an email address?

If there are private sharing records with this email address and no identity, we will give explicit permissions for the new user on that content. This is to make sure that if a user registers to access a content that was shared with them privately, they get a seamless user experience.

> ### Does remain a content shared after it was deleted to the Trash?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does a content remain shared after it was moved to the Trash?
```

> This is a special case when a content is not yet physically removed from the system, only deleted to the Trash. For existing users this won’t change much, they will still be able to access the content the same way as any other content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a special case when a content is not yet physically removed from the system, only moved to the Trash. For existing users this won’t change much, they will still be able to access the content the same way as any other content.
```
